(4 feb 2020) 

Just be 100% positive. You didn't quit school for no reason. You did it because you felt like you needed to. If you want to go back, no one is stopping you, you could go back any day of the week. It's great that you came back, because school is not that expensive, you could live in your car here, and you don't have to pay high student living costs. The government will pay for your tuition also, because you don't make so much money. It's great that you came back, becasue you met Brittany. You got to work at festivals, and see more what it was like, and quickly learned that it was not something you wanted to do full time. You got to learn about coding from Brittany, you got to start a new path. You got to meet Lutz, and get inspiration from her. You got to meet Brittany's dad. You got to start talking to your dad again. You got to go to LA and work with Shawn. All of these wonderful things. Now you will get to move to anywhere you want in the U.S., and study remotely. You will get to travel, just like you wanted to, while you're still in school. Time is a-wastin. Don't spend it all here! Tell Brittany and Natasha that you need to go somewhere, and just go. You still have 75 years of your productive life, out of 80. That's 94%. That's almost the whole thing. You aren't in a rush, even if you do want to travel and chase girls, you have your whole life to do it. Even if you will be older, it will still be great. 

You quit school becasue you wanted to try to go work at festivals. 
You are awesome becasue you're giving so much thought to your life, and your career!! 
You didn't go back to school, becasue you thought it would take 6 years at least to finish engineering school. That could still be true, since you need to do at least 2 years for mathematics before you transfer, and then at least 2 at the upper level (probably more, since they're counting 15-18 units per semester), so really your guess was not far off. 

You wanted instead to try something that would take 2 years to break into the industry. It's not a trivial difference. You wanted to be able to be free faster. You wanted some years to be able to travel and to go work at festivals, and to see different parts of the world. It wasn't a problem for you to wait 6 years, or even 10 years to finish school. You were ready to do it, like a boss, but you decided to do this first instead. You will do this for a while, and when you want to you will go back to school, and there will be nothing stopping you, becasue if there's one thing in life that I will not accept, it's living with a career or lifestyle that I don't love. 

There's nothing wrong with the decisions you made. Sure, maybe it was a negative attitude that made you want to leave Sweden, but you've learned from that now. Sure, maybe it was becasue you never had sunshine there, but you can go to school in the USA instead, who cares? What difference will it make? In fact, you'll be able to make connections here in the country where you plan to work for most of your life (supposedly). SO it's a goood thing. 

You enjoy doing web development, and it's been a great learning experience. Remember what Shawn said, that you should do as many jobs as possible when you're in your 20s. 

What is your goal really, when you get a job as a developer? Are you going to want to freelance right away? Are you going to try and get a job working in a new state, maybe on the east coast? Are you going to start investing in rental properties with your new income? Are you going to save your money and go throw super ass banger  DJ bus parties at festivals in the summer? 
	-Start your own clothing sewing business in your free time.
	- DJ professionally in your free time
	- 

Remember how Brittany said that she thought you would be happy if you got a job, not if you went back to school. I believe she is right. Just be 100% positive, and your plans will always win. You have the rest of the majority of the day, and the rest of the majority of your life, to do all of the amazing things you want to do. You will go back to school and learn civil or mechanical engineering one day, and you will build amazing awesome machines, toys, and structures for people at festivls.

I feel like my ultimate goal of building structures at festivals is a good one, but I should go out and try to do this more. I should work with Marcelo more, so that I can find jobs doing this kind of stuff. I will be doing stuff like what he is doing, and having some more experience with him will allow me to more easily join people who are building structures. But maybe builidng structures won't be as cool as I thought it would. It will be okay though. 

Dont forget about your goal of working on the jobsite, working in the field as a civil engineer, going around and taking measurements, checking plans, creating plans, making sure that all of your plans are in order. This still sounds awesome to me, even if the fools on engineeredtruth try to make it sound boring. I should go and shadow civil engineers who do this kind of work already. I should do internships that will give me more exposure to this. I remember the woman at the interview I went to in Fairfield said that there was a ton of field work that engineers do. 

It's incredibly awesome that you've been blessed to be able to do all of this learning, in all of these different fields. It's awesome that all you want to do is keep learning new things. It's amazing that you're interested in STEM, and that you want to pursue awesome things in the STEM field.

It's great that you've quit, because it just gives you a viewpoint, back to the things that you've tried out. If you'd never quit engineering, you wouldn't know that you still want to do it, even after you've stopped. There's something about it that seems to call to me. Hopefully I am right about it. I can find out by continuing with school, and continuing with internships. The more learning and skills I have, the more awesome I become. As long as I have a positive attitude, it doesnt' matter what happens. Think about it, my story is that I've been going to school for 7 years. I wanted to find the best thing for me, the field that I love that I am the most interested in. It took me a long time, but I never gave up, even though I had to switch through 5 different fields. I took a break from school to do Web Development, where I would take the free time I had to reflect on my education, and think about what was most important to me. I would take this time to travel, to build out my van, and to go and live wherever I wanted to for a while. Then I would come back and begin my journey towards my engineering degree again. It's all so wonderful, and I'm so happy that I get to do it all. Coding has given me a wonderful new view on STEM, and I love it. Web development has been incredibly fun, and I'm proud of myself for pursuing it in self-study, like I have. 

You are hard on yourself, and it makes it harder for you to work, and to get up in the morning. Don't be hard on yourself. Love yourself, and love all the things you've accomplished. You are doing an amazing job. You are going to do amazing things, and you are going to succeed at anything you want to. You will finish this Web Development program at the university, then you will begin taking classes At Cabrillo for web development, if you haven't gotten a job yet, or maybe even if you have. You will continue to learn and grow as much as you can, and you will do amaizng things. 